Hey it's Bruno here and oh man look at this Web site it's so fast you're incredible I'm so glad that
I hired you man.
OK.
I think I need to put you on bigger projects.
Next to well done really really fantastic work all right.
Bruno's impressed with our work.
Not bad.
But I have a feeling he's going to be asking even more of us so we've got to stay.
Stay on our toes.
Got to stay sharp.
Anyway to finish off this section I want to leave you with this one famous quote premature optimization
is the root of all evil.
If you're not shipping your product because you're trying to get a really really fast but you have zero
users you're wasting your time.
As you'll learn throughout this course everything is a tradeoff.
And a senior developer is someone who can look at the big picture analyze the pros and cons and decide
what is the best direction to take.
Keep that in mind as you progress through your career.
Optimize for fast slowing performance relative to device and network capabilities of your users.
Tried to load your page really fast ideally in under five seconds and always test your performance on
mobile devices on different network connections and experiment.
I hope you had fun in this section.
Things are going to get even more exciting.
I know I keep saying that but I mean it.
We're going to go learn a few different things and then we're going to come back to performance and
talk about the other parts are front end and then finally finish off with the back end which is definitely
my favorite.
So good job getting this far.
You've still got a long way to go but I've got faith.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.